25/1

Next steps


Editing

On "Edit Route" wait for click (already coded)
Step 2 - on selected route, turn routepoints into markers, put drag markers between each additional marker
Step 3 - if marker is dragged, record new position
Step 4 - if additional marker is dragged, add new routepoint and record position - add two new additional markers at halfway points to routepoint before and after

Add Start marker on map on first render
Add End marker on map and add Polyline between start and end markers
Add Icon to Add Route on side bar
Make sidebar icon only until clicked when it expands out
Sort out colour on "hover" and "selected" of sidebar item
Expand input form for Route Name to be centred
Align Route name label to input box, reduce gap on errors
Centre buttons at bottom of form
Make panel slide in from the right

End of MVP add route.
=====================

Display status - need to provide a "Save and come back later" function for new routes.  Display status is attached to the route object and will have the following states:

0: Route ID has been created but no data has been saved
1: Data has been saved on this route, but it is not in the public domain and only available for editing
2: Data has been committed and can be displayed in the explorer

Add Route (later):

1. Status table
2. Ownership table
3. Click on line to show markers, click on marker to select as new junction



Next
====
Edit Route

(click on line to set each routepoint to a draggable marker) - after database

Click polyline to create extra routepoint
Drag polyline to move route
Info window on click to offer "convert 





Step 1 - Design Edit UI

Add Route - Info panel on right (route name, opening date, status history), first click start of line, second click end of line, 
MVP only add route with terminus at both ends - day 1 click onto existing line and add junction
Display line.
Clicking on line adds a routepoint
Routepoint can be dragged on map, to move route into position.
Clicking on routepoint opens info window - empty day 1 - split into subroutes, add station, add junction next phase





Step 1.1 - Sidebar, what goes here, what goes on info panel?
Step 1.2 - How do you select existing routepoints to (a) move (b) transform - eg change to junction/station (c) delete
Step 1.3 - How do you add a new route point between two existing route points
Step 1.4 - Can you click on a polyline to insert a new route point?



Background tasks

1. Look at font sizes in mobile mode and add adaptive styling
2. Tidy up location of error messages under input boxes on registration page
3. Grey out login button whilst waiting for login to prevent double pressing
4. Handle login errors with red bar under nav rather than console.log
5. Add Forgot and Change password functions (see Cognito tutorial part III for details)
6. Login page - return to page that login button was pressed from

